[Music]
to be able to give my opinion What I
liked the most of what was announced was the
meeting between Rocío Carrasco and Anabel
Dueñas
how wonderful that wonderful Anabel
Dueñas the woman who embodies Rocío
Jurado in the theater performance
is the producers Rocío Carrasco
and Fidel Albiac because Before there was another one it
was Inés
in Rocío's show the tribute to
Rocío Jurado if there was another
and they won it they got rid of Inés and
put it in Abel Dueñas and I, I
love the owner as an artist she
is a wonderful aunt as more seen she
is cute And that but it stops Rocío Jurado
I see her well
Each person has a style and I think
that Anabel's style with all due respect
is not that of Rocío Jurado I mean I've
seen a lot of other girls
Even on Canal Sur who know how to sing
better because of the jurors' children who go to
see but will not come to see I think she
wins the lottery with these people she is
always looking for a little job for
the  trailers too She had She had
her space and now in the media faith
that by the way she is traveling
recently I left it was accompanying her
in Plasencia
very
busy because she is with a
show by Rocío Jurado
and recently Fidel accompanied her I think I think it
was Plasencia I think it was that
Fidel lately people are saying
that no how is it true you don't see him on
Telecinco Fidel before He is always
seen never
man but when it was the first
season of the documentary no no no no no no no no no
throw only
appeared one night in the first part
of the documentary it
is from a room a muniana who
remembered Aunt Tula
Talking about his wife of how important she had
been in nothing else she
never appears again yes but let's see although she didn't
speak because she accompanied her on
Telecinco on some occasion she has been
seen It's not that I know it's not that she
intervened but from behind that maybe she
was behind the cameras
accompanying Telecinco and things like that
and now it's like she's not there you don't see them
together lately I mean she was seen
Fidel, in
truth, I don't follow him much. I
mean in my personal life, but on a
public level, Fidel hasn't done any kind of
follow-up.
Fidel has appeared on Rocío Carrasco,
he appeared once and nothing more. What happened in Valdelagua, for me, is their issue. The only thing I hope is that I have nothing against Rocío Carrasco,
really, eh, nothing. The only thing I hope is
that Rocío Carrasco never did anything, never does
Rocío Mestre become
a Rocío Mestre. She has a good
interview, eh, that's how she has a
documentary.
I hope that Rocío Carrasco never becomes the
new Rocío Mestre.
There it is, there it is.
[Music]